---
layout: post
title:  "Location, Location, Location"
# date:   2025-03-27 15:38:10 +0530
---

Where do you want to set up your company? Consider the following factors:
- **Proximity to your customers**: The one important number you are going to talk about for years is the revenue number. The revenue number is a function of the number of customers you have and the average revenue per customer. You need to be close to your custommers - to acquire them, to service them, to retain them, and to upsell them.
- **Proximity to your suppliers**: If you have hardware, you need to be in touch with your suppliers. This could help in with inventors, lower lead times and better pricing.
- **Proximity to your employees**: Tech team can be anywher on the plant, but your installation, service and support teams need to be close to your customers.
- **Proximity to your investors**: When an investor asks you to meet them, you should be able to setup a meeting in hours, not days. You may have tor travel to a different city, but you should be able to catch the next flight.
- **Proximity to Other services**: You need a VISA. You should to be able to fix the appointment without worrying about the travel time. You need a CA, a CS, a lawyer, an accountant, a bank. You should be able to meet them in person.
- **Proximity to your family**: You are going to be working long hours. You need to be able to go home and spend time with your family. You need to be able to take a break and go on a vacation with your family.
- **Proximity to your friends**: You need to be able to go out and have fun. You need to be able to meet your friends and have a good time. You need to be able to go out and have a drink with your friends.
- **Proximity to your mentors**: You need to be able to meet your mentors and get their advice. You need to be able to go out and have a drink with them.